README.md, before:

# Material Downloads
Manage your downloads from Chrome's toolbar like you would do with Firefox.

## Description
Material Downloads is an open source extension for Google Chrome which adds a download manager to the toolbar and disables the download shelf. Downloads then are sent to the toolbar instead of to the shelf like they would in Firefox Quantum. Material Downloads uses a Material Theme with some customization options to make it look and feel like Chrome.

To install this extension head to the Chrome Web Store [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lkipihmhkkecjfkmgpphhipoenalokka).

## Changelog
### 1.0
- Initial release

### 1.1
- Fixed an error where invalid items would show in the downloads list
- Added drag and drop support from the downloads list
- Added support for potentially dangerous files (you can now download jar files)
- Added the ability to remove individual files from the downloads list

### 1.1.1
- Downloads list now shows the Exe-Icon instead of placeholder once it is available

### 2.0.0
- Renamed Fire Downloads to Material Downloads
- Switched to the Material Design language, to make the extension look and feel like Chrome
- Added option to open the downloads folder from within the extension

### 2.1.0
- Added option to copy link to download menu

### 3.0.0
- Rewritten using Redux and Recompose
- Removed clear on startup
- Made context menus smaller, so they do not scroll

Commit message:

Fixed edges for Chrome 74+ and Edge Preview

README.md, after:

# Material Downloads
Manage your downloads from Chrome's toolbar like you would do with Firefox.

## Description
Material Downloads is an open source extension for Google Chrome which adds a download manager to the toolbar and disables the download shelf. Downloads then are sent to the toolbar instead of to the shelf like they would in Firefox Quantum. Material Downloads uses a Material Theme with some customization options to make it look and feel like Chrome.

To install this extension head to the Chrome Web Store [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lkipihmhkkecjfkmgpphhipoenalokka).

## Changelog
### 1.0
- Initial release

### 1.1
- Fixed an error where invalid items would show in the downloads list
- Added drag and drop support from the downloads list
- Added support for potentially dangerous files (you can now download jar files)
- Added the ability to remove individual files from the downloads list

### 1.1.1
- Downloads list now shows the Exe-Icon instead of placeholder once it is available

### 2.0.0
- Renamed Fire Downloads to Material Downloads
- Switched to the Material Design language, to make the extension look and feel like Chrome
- Added option to open the downloads folder from within the extension

### 2.1.0
- Added option to copy link to download menu

### 3.0.0
- Rewritten using Redux and Recompose
- Removed clear on startup
- Made context menus smaller, so they do not scroll

### 3.0.1
- Updated packages
- Fixed edges for Chrome 74+ and Edge Preview
